what's up guys n backups mozna welcome
to the call of duty video on my channel
so today guys are gonna be talking about
something a little bit different i'm
gonna be talking about 2 dlc map pack 5
possibly coming to call of duty black
ops 2 so that means a fifth somebody's
Chelsea ma also some multiplayer maps
going to know stuff like that I'm just
going to talk about it in this video so
if you do going to enjoy you guys buy
them all the esta me is that you leave a
like rating on the video if we could
reach over 300 locations that would be
absolutely amazed and also guys if you
want to see some more awesome videos
like this on my channel make sure you
hit that subscribe button on screen now
or ability video guys thank you very
much watching and enjoy so on screen now
you actually seen my first game playoff
black ops 2 from 2014 I don't think I've
played call of duty black ops 2 and like
eight months something like that since
the release of GTA 5 I have been playing
black ops 2 at all I jumped under
zombies is basically my first game I
thought going one of my favorite maps
the mob of the dead I mean there's so
many amazing maps zombies maps in call
of duty black ops 2 alongside
multiplayer maps but zombies was always
my favorite students like mob of the
dead we've got the excavation site we've
got origins that's basically activation
side we've got die rise a little
different maps won't mention transit
because that wasn't my favorite book
black ops 2 zombies black ops 1 zombies
world at war zombies zombies for call of
duty was my absolute favorite we did
have extension with dos but extinction
is nowhere near as good as zombies it
just isn't up to par for me we kind of
have this survival mode in modern
warfare 3 again nothing beats zombies in
Call of Duty for me it's absolutely
amazing the fact that I've been on it
for the first time in eight months I
just thought to go out at first stuff I
started playing on round one two and
three and there you know I couldn't
really play because I don't really play
call of duty anymore especially since
call of duty ghosts has come out I
didn't think call of duty ghosts is a
good game black ops 2 for me was amazing
so I jumped onto e I have to get used to
the controls again because you know I
haven't played called you in a long time
but after that I kind of got into it got
up to around 20 around 20 i decided i
was going to end it i got bored you'll
see through here I actually do die and
damn you know I could have got all my
stuff back I could have gone for job but
I thought you know what I've had enough
of played these maps so much
even though it's such an amazing map a
good game I played these maps so much I
just can't be bothered to carry on but
round 24 the first one wasn't too bad
and there you know I couldn't be
bothered to go any further I think the
highest round on one of the Dead is 50
and again I've got gameplay of that up
on my channel and I just decided to end
it because for me when you get it to
round 50 that is basically the end
you've done absolutely everything guy
get bored at around 20 so the fact that
I got up to around 50 and you know that
was just something for me but anyway the
one I want to talk about in this video
is the possibility i've seen a fifth dlc
map pack a fifth Jumbies map coming to
call of duty black ops 2 now why I wanna
bring this up is first officer another
youtuber where a few tubers are you
youtubers actually mentioned this but
it's also because we know now with call
of duty we're getting a three year life
cycle so basically it's going to take
the developers three years to actually
make the game instead of the usual to
now this means because we get in the
three-year development cycle treyarch
aren't making another game this year
which will mean we won't be getting
zombies this year we'll actually getting
it next year so because we're getting
zombies next year or another game from
treyarch next year in 2015 that means at
this year they've actually been putting
DLC out for the old game call of duty
black ops 2 if you've noticed lately
they've been putting out some camo dlcs
for call of duty black ops 2 which they
wouldn't usually do but they have been
because the life cycle for Call of Duty
is now three years instead of two now
they've also been putting a few stuff up
on Twitter about zombies as you can see
on screen now so like I said they've
been posting quite a few things on
Twitter about black ops 2 or about
zombies and actually pull of the last
one the most important lesson for zombie
awareness month the zombie apocalypse is
more about when than if so it's more
about when it's coming down if it's
coming so to me this kind of sounds like
you know they will be bringing out to
fifth dlc map pack maybe they're giving
us a hint about it being called
apocalypse I'm not too sure but they put
it's not about if it's coming it's about
when it will be coming so basically it's
like they're saying it will be coming
but when we're not too sure but just
going off that subject so again like I
said we're in a three year life cycle
they've been bringing DLC out for black
ops 2 which would it usually happen and
this means the possibility i've seen
another dlc map up because they've now
got more time to develop their nets call
duty and more time means maybe they've
got more time to actually work on that
previous Call of Duty maybe they've got
time to actually bring out one last dlc
map pack or a few more different DLCs
whilst we wait for their next turn on
Call of Duty soap a fifth Jumbies dlc
map pack I'm thinking in my head you
know maybe this isn't coming maybe it is
but it's something that I would love to
see come because like I said I jump tons
of black ops 2 yesterday it's my first
time on about eight months and then I
absolutely loved it i realized how much
i miss this game i really don't like
Call of Duty go so there were a lot of
people don't like Call of Duty goes
black ops 2 for me was one of the better
call of duties and it's just really
great and like I said a lot of you guys
have subscribed to me since GTA and a
lot of you guys actually won't know what
call of duty zombies or won't really
plate I used to do a lot of this on my
channel if you go back to my older
videos and then meets the game I really
really love and I'd love to cover this
game again but like a studies it's an
old game now if they could bring DLC out
I would sure is how I'd really cover
that but a 50 LC zombies map parkour map
pack you know with multiplayer maps even
if it's just the zombies map that would
be amazing if they could include
multiplayer maps and you go on camos
whatever that be I'd be really great as
well also notice that they've been
bringing a another zombies come out as
well I believe they brung me mob of the
dead camera out the after I've come out
for zombies for black ops 2 so again
some more hints maybe possibly I don't
know maybe it's just something I really
want or maybe it's something that
they're possibly hinting about that
could be coming but tell what you think
about this in the comment section below
guys would you love to see a fifth
zombies map or a dlc map pack for black
ops 2 I really would if so what would
you like it to be about do you think it
would be called a cop apocalypse what
would they do about it I don't know tell
what you think in the comments section
below guys but thank you for watching
this video it's basically my first black
ops 2 video in a year something like
that it's been absolutely amazing guys
thanks for the support 50,000
subscribers it's really great if you
enjoyed this video make sure you drop a
like rating it's been a bit different
from what I usually do if you want to
see some more videos like this I match
I'll make sure you hit that subscribe
button and until next time guys please
help
you